one of the very first things I try to do is, um, get enough information
so that I don't change the the basis of the report. Um, I would like
to know if they would like to report it. That's one of the main ones
I would like to know if they need medical help or assistance. That's
another one. Um, I'd like to know if they if they are just doing
fine in general. You know, I don't want, uh, like, send them off in
the world, um, crying or, you know, possibly even suicidal without
getting some kind of like a connection. Because if they came to me,
then obviously they want to talk to me. Maybe they think, um, my words
can kind of see them Or that I can direct them to the right location.
And I'll I don't wanna send them off without understanding enough
about the situation so that I'm doing it correctly. So the things
I do get to know them, see if they wanna follow criminal report and
see if they need medical assistance